range_setup.sh is the main file for creating all the run folders

Arguments: $1 and $2: starting run ID and ending run ID
$3: LF or HF? depending on that the right config file is supplied
$4: Batch number


Then the script creates the appropriate folders, copies the files and calls Julia scripts that
1. get_input_list.jl: generate input list (this is stored in top level of runs folder)
2. modify_config.jl: modify inlet.dat correctly according to values from input list. Last 3 columns of input list are Uc, kappa and nu_tilde (previous 3 are scaled versions from -1 to +1 for UQ)


template_run:
inlet.dat: original file supplied, 1441 points, throws error saying points don't match and need to revise tolerances

example_inlet.dat: file auto generated by SU2 if no INLET_FILENAME is provided, 1505 points, if plotted this shows the points on the boundary that were not a part of inlet.dat (see figure in template_run)

01_old_runs_LF_batch_test: Runs with older options for CONV_NUM_METHOD, SLOPE_LIMITER etc., some of which failed to converge

02_runs_LF_batch_test: 1 LF run with improved config file options, to be adopted for the final set.

runs_LF_batch_test: Final 8 baseline runs where everything should converge.

Current budget for Sims:

LoFi run took 1.5 hrs on 1 node. Let's say ~ 2 hours => 2 CUs on Archer
Then for 500 LF runs => we get 1000 CUs in all

HiFi run took 12 hrs on 1 node for 10000 time steps, and we will have to run it for another 10 k time steps with COMPUTE_AVERAGE set to yes this time. Then its 24 hrs or 24 CUs.
50 HF runs => 1200 CUs in all.

So budget currently is for 2200 CUs.

